Add docs: Existing contraces (#605)
nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org: website/docs/common-scripts/02-secp256k1_blake160_multisig_all.mdx

---
id: secp256k1_blake160_multisig_all
title: secp256k1_blake160_multisig_all
---

# secp256k1_blake160_multisig_all

> One of the CKB genesis scripts, [SECP256K1/multisig](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/wiki/How-to-sign-transaction#multisig) ([Source Code](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/blob/master/c/secp256k1_blake160_multisig_all.c), is a script which allows a group of users to sign a single transaction.
> 
> This is a lock script that serves multiple purposes:
> 
> - It provides a multiple signature verification solution
> - It provides a way to enforce lock period to a cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the CKB genesis Scripts, [SECP256K1/multisig](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/wiki/How-to-sign-transaction#multisig) ([Source Code](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/blob/master/c/secp256k1_blake160_multisig_all.c), is a [Lock Script](/docs/tech-explanation/lock-script) which enables a group of users to collectively sign a single transaction. It is designed to support: 
- Multiple signature verification
- Time-lock functionalities for Cells.
```

## How It Works

> It uses a similar (but slightly different) way to prepare the signing message
> as the [single signing script](./secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all). What's different,
> is that the lock field of the first witness treated as WitnessArgs object, uses the
> following structure:
> 
> multisig_script | Signature1 | Signature2 | ...
> 
> Where the components are of the following format:
> 
> multisig_script: S | R | M | N | PubKeyHash1 | PubKeyHash2 | ...
> 
> |             | Description                        | Bytes |
> | ----------- | ---------------------------------- | ----- |
> | S           | reserved field, must be zero       | 1     |
> | R           | first nth public keys must match   | 1     |
> | M           | threshold                          | 1     |
> | N           | total public keys                  | 1     |
> | PubkeyHashN | blake160 hash of compressed pubkey | 20    |
> | SignatureN  | recoverable signature              | 65    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Script prepares the signing message in a way that is similar – but not identical – to the [single signing script](./secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all). 
The main difference lies in how the `lock` field of the first `witness` is interpreted. It is treated as a `WitnessArgs` object with the following structure: 

```bash
multisig_script | Signature1 | Signature2 | ...
```
Where the `multisig_script` is of the following format:

```bash
multisig_script: S | R | M | N | PubKeyHash1 | PubKeyHash2 | ...
```

| Field            | Description                        | Bytes |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------- | ----- |
| S           | reserved field, must be zero       | 1     |
| R           | first nth public keys must match   | 1     |
| M           | threshold                          | 1     |
| N           | total public keys                  | 1     |
| PubkeyHashN | blake160 hash of compressed pubkey | 20    |
| SignatureN  | recoverable signature              | 65    |
```
